yes i'm happy to move on i'm very happy
to move her i
i felt it peaked at fat joe wicks and
then we got to the wank socks i didn't
that was my choice
i can't move on i miss that socks up big
speaking of wank socks in other news how
was nigel frye
moving on to what's being kissed goodbye
this christmas
grandma yeah
see it's alright when he does this but
when i start going philly
he hates me you're a racist
do they know the correct answer is yeah
clearly we do we're just mucking about
you are
master luke i'm afraid the ship's crew
have refused to go any further until
they've had smashed avocado on toast
i knew we shouldn't have tried to get
home in the millennial falcons
the crew refused to go home till they've
had avocado on toast we shouldn't have
i can't do it
you know what it's harder than it looks
and i've gained a lot of respect for you
angela
don't disassume audience apparently a
woman who's whose room is actually on
fire
in the top right corner yeah that is
very
you really need to turn down the bars on
that heater okay
normal light everywhere else where you
live on the sun
oh it's not only just as i'm dara breen
okay fine the other thing we forgot to
put on
we didn't with the words hello and
welcome to mock the week uh so the show
just started me going i'm gary
which is a fairly urgent beginning to a
television program
you don't even know what you're watching
yet